awkward silences are bad the YouTube
version of this is the completely absent
description however it's probably not a
good idea to write so much information
that it could be considered a short
novel or be so generic that it could be
any other video on YouTube so what are
the best description strategies I'm glad
you asked about to fill you in right
here on visa flipside the first few
sentences of your description is what's
going to appear beside the video when
you're searching for one so make sure
it's eye-catching
and relevant these same two sentences
are what appear below your video but
above the full so in your video make
sure you encourage viewers to expand the
description so they're getting all of
the information a proper video
description should absolutely include
the following four things so grab a pen
and paper or boot up Microsoft DOS this
is gonna be important accurately and
concisely describe your video this is
absolutely critical and could be the key
and getting them to watch social network
sharing is an absolute must nowadays so
you want to make sure that viewers have
any and all access to you whichever form
they prefer explain what your channel is
and what videos you regularly do if the
viewer is new then this is a great place
for them to get familiar with your
content so that they'll want to return
for more and speaking of subscriptions
perhaps most important is to include a
link to subscribe to your channel this
is ultimately what you want a new
subscriber who's gonna watch your videos
every time they're released well I hope
you found these description strategies
helpful I'm here every Tuesday so make
sure to come back for new videos every
week if you enjoyed the video then give
it a thumbs up we appreciate you sharing
it with your youtuber friends
just remember provide accurate
description include social media links
explain your channel in detail and
encourage new subscribers just a heads
up if you're a partner with broadband TV
our web platform piezo catalysts
provides description templates so it's
easier than ever to fill out your video
descriptions plus we're always around
for assistance if you need anything
Sam good then check out the description
below for all of the information on V so
catalyst thank you very much for
watching until next time once again my
name is peter brown and i'll catch you
on the website